All the food you like
Do you remember what I like to eat?
When we first got together in college
We will eat here
They are not together now and still eat here
It's been going around in circles.
Since I want to say goodbye to this relationship
Then I have to take it to heart
This is also for our many years of marriage
Say goodbye.
Finish this meal
We don't owe each other
Eat fast
This is your favorite potato chip
urchin urchin
An Tong
We're going home.
You're drunk, let's go
Come on.
Slow down.
Come be careful
Be careful
Poor care
Mr. Zhang, this glass of wine is for you
The press conference is looking for you.
You're welcome. I've heard about your press conference.
Minister Wang is young and promising
I can rest assured to cooperate with you, haha.
Hey